PDF - documentation draft (#3497)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/utils/pdfExporter/exportDataGrid(options).md

#include common-ctp-note-wo-devextreme

This method requires the <a href="https://github.com/parallax/jsPDF" target="_blank">jsPDF</a> library to export data and create PDF files.

> You can call this method at any point in your application. In this example, we call this method in a standalone button's [onClick](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxButton/1%20Configuration/onClick.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/Configuration/#onClick') handler:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can call this method at any point in your application. In this example, this method is called in a standalone button's [onClick](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxButton/1%20Configuration/onClick.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxButton/Configuration/#onClick') handler:
```
